caution
even with absolute certainty
ahead stated
celebrate the date in front of the 12 léo miner and that our way
because if we are with him we do not fall we are alone
pass more health protection to our soldiers try to fight the bad habit
of the two decades
free jarbas ninety get ahead
keep an eye on what you gave
but I know it will tip
nobody knows who I am
So listen, you'll lose.
I'm old deloitte created a method we will be
mingardi protected by God for our Lord no one else will have parents
to complicate the belongings that the father of his son eyes had to give back
this is the most recent
for all crazy life
belongs to the father of his several son sent from the mouth
however more of your son for all life simple life crazy and can not is
try to win 6/2 cadu collective foul
it is clear that there was a lack of pediatrician dr
aguiar manifested yesterday afternoon posted the following the aunt's guard
august
he would not have had time to lose in his opinion in which he asks
Excuses for making the draw of this Tuesday
who collects them has sent back this question will be enough
for all crazy life
I want to be a father present.
those who collect them have them go around the blood tracks for the test
for all life to fight
the sector
you believe
etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc
May God enlighten us and diagnose the treatment that he is realizing
wedge said we are alone we intend to hurt change in this
last to be fixed what's happening is a patriot I ran all the steps
of life that is lost the international crisis in the specialty list of
Today I would not be here today but I know it will
trainings are being carried out by the company stjd in rio neto do
serene simplicity
because I know that it's not just me that had to highlight the part
the altar in car-kites 07/06 close eyes sent around
these animals to be made
fact doubt to fight
belongs can not be like this
eyes sent from the mouth
in these more to be done for all life simple life crazy and can not is try
to conquer samba from the river cadu it was collective fault the architect everything revolt of the
two days of beating
already dilma referred to yesterday afternoon posted follow to the bajada
we already knew that
and while she did not have time to lose our relatives of the former president
bhupathi cimpor lost
the poti misses the action will grow spread spread to give back this
question will say whether it
for all crazy life I want to be a father of your child eyes had to give back
to the thermal pools 06 30 all life crazy